---
template: 'blog'
slug: 'what-to-expect-2025'
title: 'What to Expect at Momentum 2025'
author: 'Michael Richardson'
publishedDate: '2025-10-10'
published: 'true'
summary: 'Planning for your day at Momentum? This guide is a great place to start!'
---
[Checkout this article on advice for attendees.](/blog/attendee-advice)

# TL;DR

The schedule for Momentum 2025 is similar to Momentum 2024 with some subtle changes.
- There are five session rooms, with seven 45-minute sessions in each room
- Breaks between sessions are 20 minutes long
- Lunch is offered for 2-hours (11:05-1:05) and there is no "lunch break".
- The only sessions in the "main room" are the Opening and Closing Remarks, plus lunch.
- New for 2025: Ending the day with Lightning Talks!

## Conference Schedule

- 8:45-9:00 Opening Remarks
- 9:15-4:30 Sessions - 7 time slots, 45 minutes each
- 4:50-5:35 Lightning Talks!
- 5:35-5:50 Closing Remarks and Giveaways

### Opening Remarks

The best way to kick off Momentum 2025 is gathered with hundreds of other attendees. We promise that we'll keep the energy high to start your day right. Meet our new event organizer, Jessica, who (unlike me!) actually knows what she's doing. 😉

### Sessions

Momentum 2024 has 35 45-minute sessions, scheduled in 7 time slots with 5 simultaneous sessions each. There is a 20 minute break between time slots. **There is no lunch break.** I will explain more about this in the next section.

Review [the schedule](https://whova.com/portal/webapp/x1JSErql-k2l0XKnPERC/Agenda) before you arrive, so that you can plan for the talks you most want to attend. Accept that your plan will probably change. 🤷‍♂️
Some popular sessions may reach capacity. If a session is particularly important to you, _arrive early to claim a good seat._

### Lightning Talks

Starting at 4:30, get a quick burst of inspiration and insight from fellow Cincinnati techies. A nice change of pace as we prepare wrap up another great year at Momentum.

### Closing Remarks

Win free stuff! Reflect on what you learned! Celebrate a successful Momentum!

To end the day, we'll meet in the main ballroom at 5:10 for Closing Remarks.

## Food Schedule

I love good food. I hope you love good food too. Here's the times when you can get it.

| Meal        | Start Time  | End Time
| ----------- | ----------- | --------
| Breakfast   | 8:00 AM     | 9:30 AM
| Lunch       | 11:10 AM    | 1:10 PM

### Lunch

**_This is important and different from many other events_**

**Momentum 2024 does not have a dedicated lunch break.** Lunch will be available from 11:05 to 1:05 in the main ballroom. Grab lunch at any time within this two hour block, whenever you like. Choose your own adventure! The session rhythm will continue unbroken and unmarred.

Options include:

- Eat lunch quickly between sessions
- Eat lunch during the 11:30 session
- Eat lunch during the 12:25 session

I don’t recommend skipping lunch entirely but I’m not your mom, so that’s between you and your stomach. Tip: Last year, the bulk of attendees went to lunch as soon as it started. You will probably have a somewhat shorter line if you eat during the 12:25 session instead.

You can view the full menu for the day, including lunch, on our [Food page](/food).

Once you’ve finished lunch, you may want to join a session that’s already in progress. That’s great! Just remember to be polite and avoid creating any unnecessary disturbance to those already in the session.

## Sponsors

There are over a dozen sponsor booths, staffed by friendly people, lining the main hallway. Many of them will be giving away free stuff! [Our sponsors](https://momentumdevcon.com/sponsors) help keep Momentum affordable and fun, and I am very thankful for that. Grab a fidget spinner or a t-shirt then take a moment to say “Hi!” and thank them for their support.

### Sponsor Spotlight

We’ll be giving away several items that you can only win by completing a “Sponsor Spotlight” sheet. As you visit each sponsor, they will stamp your sheet in the appropriate square. Once your sheet is full, bring it to the main desk to enter in the drawing of your choice. The drawing will occur during the closing remarks. You must be present to win!

